heaven hell is this Pinewood Studios
yeah
so we heard Daniel Craig is retiring as
James Bond and my friends and I have an
audition tape do you know where we could
submit it so we can submit to be the
next James Bond oh cool thank you three
weeks ago one of our videos landed on
the front page of Reddit the following
day Kevin and Taylor cofounders of a San
francisco-based startup called blue
board saw our video and asked us do you
want to be dings bond for a day we said
no we do you want to be James Bond for a
day we wanted to be James Bond for real
so we flew up the California and filmed
our audition tape to take over the role
of James Bond after Daniel Craig retire
so dear Eon Productions that produces
James Bond here's why we should be the
next double-oh-seven
I admire your luck mr. bond James Bond
wait was it what here
I don't think James Bond would ever
sleep at an airport this just softbox is
what I'm not expecting from my my
teammates and I made spoiler right now
I can figure this out ladies just give
me a couple minutes
you know you
what a day
guess we made it boys name is bond
Steve a James Bond this is my cumulative
Lee best day of our life you start to
finish and it's all exterior